docs: add merge strategy information (#3326)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/understand/object-model.md

| A           | A             | X                  | X          | File deleted on one side                       |
| A           | X             | A                  | X          | File deleted on one side                       |

> The API and lakectl enables passing optional `strategy` flag with the following values: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API and lakectl enable passing an optional `strategy` flag with the following values: 
```

- dest-wins - in case of a conflict, merge will pick the destination
- source-wins - in case of a conflict, merge will pick the source

> 

Reviewer: I would also add that it's applicable to all conflicting files. i.e. the user can't choose the strategy per file.
